Add support for using XIP cache as SRAM (#2932)
raspberrypi/pico-sdk: src/rp2_common/pico_low_power/CMakeLists.txt

# It also sets PICO_CRT0_PIN_XIP_SRAM=1 to pin the XIP_SRAM,
# if the persistent data is stored in XIP_SRAM.
#

> # \param\ PERSISTENT_DATA_LOC The persistent data location to set - optionally pass the memory region name (supports xip_ram)

Author: ```suggestion
# \param\ PERSISTENT_DATA_LOC The persistent data location to set (e.g. 0x20040000), or the memory region name (currently supports xip_ram)
```
